c:\users\anneboulain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe.config
c:\users\anneboulain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\anneboulain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\anneboulain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\UserControlFilm.baml
c:\users\anneboulain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\anneboulain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\UserControlFilm.g.cs
c:\users\anneboulain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\UserControlGroupBox.g.cs
c:\users\anneboulain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\anneboulain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\anneboulain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\anneboulain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\anneboulain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
c:\users\anneboulain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
c:\users\anneboulain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\UserControlGroupBox.baml
c:\users\anneboulain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.g.resources
c:\users\anneboulain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\anneboulain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\anneboulain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
c:\users\anneboulain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\ANNEBOULAIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\UserControlGroupLine.baml
C:\Users\ANNEBOULAIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\UserControlGroupLine.g.cs
C:\Users\ANNEBOULAIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\UserControlLeftBar.baml
C:\Users\ANNEBOULAIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\UserControlLeftBar.g.cs
C:\Users\ANNEBOULAIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\UserControlFlmPreview.baml
C:\Users\ANNEBOULAIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\UserControlFlmPreview.g.cs
C:\Users\leopo_000\Downloads\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe.config
C:\Users\leopo_000\Downloads\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
C:\Users\leopo_000\Downloads\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\leopo_000\Downloads\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\UserControlFlmPreview.baml
C:\Users\leopo_000\Downloads\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\UserControlGroupLine.baml
C:\Users\leopo_000\Downloads\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\leopo_000\Downloads\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\UserControlFlmPreview.g.cs
C:\Users\leopo_000\Downloads\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\UserControlGroupBox.g.cs
C:\Users\leopo_000\Downloads\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\UserControlGroupLine.g.cs
C:\Users\leopo_000\Downloads\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\leopo_000\Downloads\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\leopo_000\Downloads\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\leopo_000\Downloads\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\leopo_000\Downloads\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
C:\Users\leopo_000\Downloads\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\leopo_000\Downloads\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\UserControlFilm.baml
C:\Users\leopo_000\Downloads\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\UserControlFilm.g.cs
C:\Users\leopo_000\Downloads\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\leopo_000\Downloads\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\UserControlGroupBox.baml
C:\Users\leopo_000\Downloads\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.g.resources
C:\Users\leopo_000\Downloads\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\leopo_000\Downloads\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\leopo_000\Downloads\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\leopo_000\Downloads\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
C:\Users\leopo_000\Downloads\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\leopo_000\Downloads\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\UserControlGroup.baml
C:\Users\leopo_000\Downloads\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\UserControlGroup.g.cs
C:\Users\leopo_000\Downloads\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\leopo_000\Documents\GitHub\WhatToWatch2\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe.config
C:\Users\leopo_000\Documents\GitHub\WhatToWatch2\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
C:\Users\leopo_000\Documents\GitHub\WhatToWatch2\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\leopo_000\Documents\GitHub\WhatToWatch2\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
C:\Users\leopo_000\Documents\GitHub\WhatToWatch2\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\leopo_000\Documents\GitHub\WhatToWatch2\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\leopo_000\Documents\GitHub\WhatToWatch2\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\leopo_000\Documents\GitHub\WhatToWatch2\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\UserControlFilm.baml
C:\Users\leopo_000\Documents\GitHub\WhatToWatch2\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\UserControlFlmPreview.baml
C:\Users\leopo_000\Documents\GitHub\WhatToWatch2\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\UserControlGroup.baml
C:\Users\leopo_000\Documents\GitHub\WhatToWatch2\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\leopo_000\Documents\GitHub\WhatToWatch2\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\UserControlFilm.g.cs
C:\Users\leopo_000\Documents\GitHub\WhatToWatch2\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\UserControlFlmPreview.g.cs
C:\Users\leopo_000\Documents\GitHub\WhatToWatch2\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\UserControlGroup.g.cs
C:\Users\leopo_000\Documents\GitHub\WhatToWatch2\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\UserControlGroupBox.g.cs
C:\Users\leopo_000\Documents\GitHub\WhatToWatch2\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\UserControlGroupLine.g.cs
C:\Users\leopo_000\Documents\GitHub\WhatToWatch2\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\leopo_000\Documents\GitHub\WhatToWatch2\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\leopo_000\Documents\GitHub\WhatToWatch2\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\leopo_000\Documents\GitHub\WhatToWatch2\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\leopo_000\Documents\GitHub\WhatToWatch2\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\leopo_000\Documents\GitHub\WhatToWatch2\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\UserControlGroupBox.baml
C:\Users\leopo_000\Documents\GitHub\WhatToWatch2\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\UserControlGroupLine.baml
C:\Users\leopo_000\Documents\GitHub\WhatToWatch2\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.g.resources
C:\Users\leopo_000\Documents\GitHub\WhatToWatch2\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\leopo_000\Documents\GitHub\WhatToWatch2\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
